<div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert light"><ol><li>On the main page, a registration form with fields: Username, Phonenumber, and a Register button should be displayed.</li></ol><p>After the user fills in the fields and clicks the Register button, the following occurs: The user receives a generated unique link to a special page (Page A), which will be accessible via the unique link for 7 days. After the expiration time, the link becomes invalid.</p><ol start="2"><li>Functionality of Page A:</li></ol><ul><li><p>Ability to generate a new unique link.</p></li><li><p>Ability to deactivate the current unique link.</p></li><li><p>Button "Imfeelinglucky".</p></li><li><p>Button "History".</p></li><li><p>When the user clicks the "Imfeelinglucky" button, the following is displayed:</p><ul><li>A random number from 1 to 1000. Result: Win/Lose. Winning amount (0 if lost).</li><li>If the random number is even, display the result Win. Otherwise, display the result Lose.</li><li>Winning amount: If the random number is greater than 900, the winning amount should be 70% of the random number. If the random number is greater than 600, the winning amount should be 50% of the random number. If the random number is greater than 300, the winning amount should be 30% of the random number. If the random number is less than or equal to 300, the winning amount should be 10% of the random number.</li></ul></li><li><p>When the user clicks the "History" button, the following is displayed:</p><ul><li>Information about the last 3 results of clicking the "Imfeelinglucky" button.</li></ul></li></ul></div>
